#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-lock.txt requirements.txt
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
    #   redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
build==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   python-oxmsg
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   unstructured-client
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pikepdf
effdet==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
emoji==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gcloud==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyrebase5
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.7.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   flask
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via python-jwt
jws==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
langchain-core==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langchain-unstructured
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
langchain-unstructured==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
langsmith==0.1.123
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
layoutparser==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   pyrebase5
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-oxmsg
ollama==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
onnx==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
orderly-set==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
pi-heif==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pikepdf==9.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   iopath
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyrebase5
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-community
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pypandoc==1.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrebase5==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
python-jwt==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyrebase5
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   layoutparser
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
redis==5.0.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pyrebase5
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyrebase5
    #   unstructured-client
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gcloud
    #   langdetect
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unstructured
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
timm==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.44.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   emoji
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   jwcrypto
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
unstructured==0.15.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
unstructured-client==0.25.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langchain-unstructured
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.36
    # via -r requirements.txt
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-pptx
yarl==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
